it 's just down the hall .
i 'll bring you some now .
if there is anything else you need , just let me know .
no worry about that .
i 'll take it and you need not wrap it up .
do you do alterations ?
the light was red .
we want to have a table near the window .
it 's over there , just in front of the tourist information .
i twisted it playing tennis .
it felt okay after the game but then it started turning black- and- blue .
is it serious ?
please input your pin number .
this is my first time diving .
i 've never heard of this address around here .
i have a sore pain here .
go straight until you see a drugstore .
what 's the newest color in this season ?
of course . 
in my case , it is usually on business , seldom for pleasure .
i 'll be staying two days .
i want to have a tight permanent .
i 'd like to reserve two twin rooms .
i do n't want it extracted .
does this bus stop at stoner avenue ?
are there any baseball games today ?
pickpocket .
pass the bread , please .
let me look at the receipt , then .
please open your mouth wide .
where 's the nearest perfumery ?
how much is the breakfast ?
how can i help you ?
can you sew on this button ?
let 's get a bite to eat .
go left at the third corner .
would you clean these clothes ?
which wine would go well with grilled salmon ?
i requested a no- smoking seat , but this is a smoking seat .
what kind of sport facilities do you have ?
i 'm at the airport right now . 
we have a nice table by the window for you . 
come this way , please .
i give you his telephone number and address .
i 've paid for meals and hotel charges in advance .
i 'm manou .
i 've made reservations for eight .
i 'm looking for a nice , quiet grill- type restaurant .
would you point them out on this map ?
the japanese islands run northeast to southwest in the northwestern part of the pacific ocean .
you break it , you bought it .
could you keep this baggage ?
do you speak japanese ?
i 'd like some crayfish .
i 'll tell her to call you as soon as she returns .
it 's too heavy .
into french francs please .
please give us a seat up front .
would you like cream and sugar in your coffee ?
she 's seriously injured .
i 'd like a lighter .
does this hotel have conference facilities ?
the pleasure is all mine , mr. green .
i 've heard a lot about you from mr. smith .
mary is not so old as henry .
is it okay if we just have a light meal ?
i 'm calling from the airport .
i 'll be there around four .
this car goes to chicago , does n't it ?
how long is it ?
excuse me , i 'd like to go to c pier .
is it this way ?
from two hours before the departure .
and please come to the counter at least thirty minutes before flight time .
where do i transfer for chicago ?
how much is it to send a registered letter to france ?
could you cash my two hundred dollar check ?
help me , please . 
call an ambulance , please .
which one is cheaper ?
what kind of bread would you like , white , rye or whole wheat ?
it 's really different driving on the right side of the street .
the actor is really marvelous .
i 'll pass this time .
these sorts of problems are n't new . 
we 've already solved them .
where 's your non- fiction section ?
every three day , but not always .
if it should turn up , please call me .
i want to eat a mixed burger .
please write down your address here .
is this silver- plated ?
could you please change my seat ?
is there a warranty ?
all right . 
turn to your right at the third corner . 
you 'll see it right in front of you .
is there a japanese restaurant around here ?
a bag of cookies and a lemon bar .
sorry , i 'll take care of the dog .
i would like two tickets for " cats " , for this thursday .
to the fairmont hotel , please .
where is the coffee shop ?
i 'd like a children 's sweater .
my suitcase is damaged . 
i need a claim form , please .
your name again ?
is mr. brown there ?
okay . it costs eighty- five cents for regular mail and three dollars and zero cents extra for special delivery .
can i charter a boat for a day ?
at which window can i make a reservation ?
what 's that ?
do i have to dress up ?
could you tell me how to get to the opera ?
were n't you a bit too intoxicated last night , honey ?
please follow the instructions from our staff .
this is it . 
please stop here .
is there a department store near here ?
you can get it at the book store or souvenir shop .
full tank , please .
is there any cheaper room ?
i prefer an automatic car .
i 'm going to stay at the dormitory of harvard university .
what is today 's rate ?
three glasses of cherry juice , please .
i suffer chronically from asthma .
i have about three thousand dollars .
tonight ? i think tonight is already full , but i 'll check .
all right , sir . 
it comes with a choice of french fries or rice pilaf . 
how do i get to this place ?
what kind of story is it ?
it 's well engineered .
three times .
which window sells stamps ?
after he attacked me , he drove away in a white van .
are there any special sights ?
all right . 
please keep this tag and present it when you come to pick it up .
i would buy this if i were you .
they were listening to his speech with open ears .
two hundred dollars . 
how much for a night ?
where 's the nearest bookshop ?
how long is the carry over that pond ?
surely sir , but what happened to you ?
i want something that looks more natural .
should i avoid any types of food while taking this medicine ?
will i have any difficulty with the customs ?
do you have broad toe dress shoes ?
may i have some red wine ?
you 'll get it at the gate .
tell me when we get to the museum .
does this bus go to the sheraton hotel ?
what does that come to ?
it 's a little bit hot . 
how many blocks from here ?
just a shower is okay .
my eyes are bloodshot .
no . 
may i suggest a twin for single use instead ? we have one .
my car is out of order .
i can n't guarantee that , but we will try our best .
i 'd like a tight perm , please .
the sea was seen far below .
she wants a beer .
you need an operation .
more eggs , please .
where is the bus stop for the central park ?
cabs ?
do you have any tickets left for " miss saigon " tomorrow 's matinee ?
here 's your key , sir . 
room fifty- six twelve .
how many tablets does it contain ?
i love your sweater .
go ahead .
here we are . 
this is your hotel .
when 's the basketball game on ?
good morning . 
i 'm afraid i will need to see some form of identification .
what was your impression ?
certainly . 
i 'm taking flight twelve to tokyo .
i 'd like to make a long distance call , please .
five months .
it is slow .
can i get a beer , please ? i 'd like another beer .
i 'd like a dual- voltage shaver , please .
to new york ?
what days of the week does it take place ?
what kind of dressing ?
this is rather cold . 
my gums are very sore .
i 'd like some styling gel .
sorry , this space is already taken .
can we see a menu ?
my size is six .
i 'm all right . 
thank you , that 's enough .
any taxi would not stop unless you wait for them at the taxi stand .
my budget is under fifty dollars for a night .
will you take a picture together with me ?
how much is the service charge ?
did the turnover in north america rise by more than five percent ?
where is the women 's clothing department ?
who 's your best friend ?
you did n't happen to be around the corner of twelfth and g about eight thirty tonight , did you ?
did you know that one of the grand champions of sumo , a kind of traditional japanese- style wrestling , is an american ?
health- sports day october tenth is a national holiday designed to promote the health of the people .
is this for wall street ?
i 'd like to rent it from the fifth to the tenth of december .
i left my valuables in the safety deposit box in my room .
all right . 
do you want me to check under the hood ?
hello , i 'd like to make a reservation for two in july from the twenty- seventh through the thirty- first .
do you want the collision damage waiver and personal accident insurance ?
sugar ?
can i pay with master card ?
the keys go here .
is this the place to pick up the baggage for nw nine o seven ?
i 'll have this brand .
can you recommend a good nightclub ?
guess who i ran into yesterday ?
there is a very good indian restaurant near the subway station . 
i 'd like a carafe of red wine , please .
i 'm so happy to have been able to come to this country .
my name and address are on it .
could you help me find my suitcase ?
what kind of stone is this ?
i 'd like to point out that our government is being unkind to the so- called boat people . 
i realize that japan is already much too over- populated to let in those uninvited guests . 
but , on the other hand , many sectors of our industry need manual labor resources .
from that mountain , you can see the whole city . 
during this season , many different kinds of flowers are blooming . 
they are very beautiful .
more fruit , please .
do you have a sunshade ?
okay. you can try on or hold them if you want .
follow me .
i think i left it near the cashier .
no , they tend to pamper their children . 
some japanese parents can n't say no to them .
i enjoyed my stay with you .
please tell him that yamada called .
how can i get to the twin towers by subway ?
okay . thank you .
please take your key with you when you go out , sir .
would you make arrangements in advance ?
i would like a reservation for two , please .
i 'd like a cigarette lighter .
all right , please fill out this information here . 
which would you like , beef , chicken or fish ?
we 'd like to make a reservation for two for the tour .
is it possible to take different routes going and coming back ?
is there a snack bar here ?
excuse me , sir . 
i 'd like to do some sightseeing in boston .
sorry to bother you , but will we make it before the game starts ?
can i listen to this cassette ?
do you have a menu in japanese ?
service .
recently my complexion is dull and foundation does n't hold .
it 's five after one .
can you shorten the waist ?
this is not our order . 
i think it 's for the next table .
i 'm being helped . 
thank you .
i 'd like a pain- killer .
who is your favorite actress ?
i 'd like an oval one .
what sort of music do they play there ?
i do n't like the color . 
show me another one , please .
where 's the nearest casino ?
planes are by far the most convenient for trips from tokyo to hokkaido , shikoku and kyushu .
please take me to the morning market .
to the ford museum , please .
the frame of my glasses is broken .
there are so many shopping centers .
from three o 'clock .
can i exchange the battery ?
great . 
i have a window seat . 
uh , if you 'd like to trade seats later , miss .
where is the closest hospital from here ?
i hope you 'll like it .
i enjoyed the sightseeing of new york yesterday .
i 'm interested in the blue handbag in the window .
it 's eight dollars a person .
contact your landlord when you have any problems .
give me a shampoo and style it as it is now , please .
there 's no more soap .
when you get there , ask someone else , please .
mr. aoki. yes , a single room for two nights ?
please tell me the fastest way to go to san francisco .
what 's your opinion ?
can i send this box to japan ?
i had an accident .
may i have the key to room two fifteen ?
excuse me . 
just write your room number and sign here .
i 'm fed up .
the color is all right , but the size is wrong . 
we are waiting for you that day .
well then , i guess i 'll have to get it next time .
we have enough to last us for a couple of days .
i do n't understand this .
all right . 
how can i get back to my destination ?
is this exempted from tax ?
well , they have to play extra innings until the tie is broken .
i 'd like extension twenty- four , please .
could you spell it ?
is this a shorter way to the market ?
do n't make it too flamboyant , please .
is there anything on sale ?
here are two dollars . keep the change .
when is dinner ?
i 'm afraid that 's too much for me .
where do i get off to go to union square ?
how much will it be without a cover ?
you can ask at the rental board stand over there .
well , last night there was a very good show on tv .
there 's so much to choose from . 
hi , jean . 
the doctor can see you now . 
please wait until we call you .
i 'm interested in going to a garage sale .
i 'm on holiday .
period now .
no . i plan to visit paris on my way home .
will you take it with you or shall we send it ?
the flight number is se one o three to tokyo , on the second of april .
recently there 's quite a gourmet boom , is n't there ?
it 's been about six hours now .
delta airlines flight one one two . 
boarding is delayed .
could you give me a twin for tonight ?
would you write a statement about the robbery for my insurance company , please ?
as i 'm weak in camera , i think the easy- to- shoot camera may be better for me .
is this the right platform to new york ?
have a nice vacation .
i left my bag in your theater .
we 'd better take an x- ray just to make sure .
is there a subway ?
please give me some gauze .
i 'd like a baked potato with sour cream , please .
yes , every ten minutes .
one hamburger and one cheeseburger , please .
do i have to pay for transfers to and from the airport ?
i want to have the same style as cameron diaz , please .
which has the better view , this road or this road ?
how much do you charge for processing ?
we each would like to pay for our own meals .
i 'd like some waterproof matches .
i 'm checking out tomorrow morning .
i 'm going there , too . 
have a seat and make yourself at home . can i get you something to drink ? coffee , tea or a soda ?
that 's very nice of you to say that .
the location was on a chair in the lobby .
roast beef , please .
please wrap it up .
when will a table become available ?
yes , i know . 
but i 'd like you to connect me with my friend , because i cannot communicate in chinese .
can i still change my order ? i 'd like the dover sole instead of the rock oysters .
do you know the size of these shoes in centimeters ?
please change these yen into pounds .
i 'd like to buy some presents .
two adults for e.t.
what 's an appendectomy ?
why do n't we settle this matter in a calm way ?
will you give me the receipts with the details of medical treatment ?
take out , please .
i 'm going out . 
here is my room key .
make it a little cheaper .
is there a police box a little way ahead ?
take me to this address . 
i 'll give you an painkiller .
can i send a telex ?
i 'd like a pocket- sized dictionary , please .
arrest , please .
no , not yet . 
but it 's the very film that i want to see .
well , i do n't know .
congratulations , i understand you were promoted to vice president .
the day after tomorrow evening .
i live in southern japan .
round trip ticket to chicago , please .
please wrap it .
would you like some bacon or ham with your eggs ?
is n't there a mistake in receipt ? i think it 's more expensive than it should be .
i 'm always sneezing .
for studying .
please be quick .
for two people at seven . 
the name is watanabe .
excuse me , sir . 
see you again .
i 'm sorry , i can n't speak english .
the air- conditioner does n't work .
it 's like this every monday .
please go to the international departure lobby . 
have a nice flight .
do you have any tours to paris on the eurostar ?
my watch . 
it was a seiko digital .
i brought my doctor 's medical certificate from japan .
it will be our pleasure to serve you the drink of your choice , followed by dinner . 
a complete guide of the drinks we offer on this flight is located in the information guide of our magazine .
the heating does n't work .
nothing more , thank you .
do you live around here ?
could you send it to japan ?
where 's the gift shop ?
please repeat that , slowly .
he is not what he seems to be . 
he is a cold , calculating man .
i will change flights if you give me five thousand miles .
can i get back to you with an answer this friday ?
well , let me check the lost and found . 
i 'm very sorry , we 're preparing the room you wanted .
i 'd like to send this postcard by air mail .
oh , it shows subway stations and bus stops . 
ah , i miss shibazuke .
where does it start from ?
i 'm on highway one near morro bay .
she speaks english well , does n't she ?
i 'll have the ice cream .
yes , we have . 
a half day course and a full day course .
i would recommend an earrings .
i 'd like an alarm clock , please .
i want to cancel my reservation , please .
two reserved seat tickets to washington d.c. at eight o 'clock , please .
what 's the refund system ?
please change this one hundred dollar into one fifty dollar bill and five ten dollar bills , please .
at what age is it allowed to play slot machines ?
the lights do n't work .
by the way , my name is hiroshi iijima .
what kind of food is this ?
what 's the time difference between tokyo and here ?
this train stops at lake forest , does n't it ?
no , it 's for my personal use .
how much is it in all ?
thank you , sir .
go straight and turn right at the third corner .
for what time ? for how many ? may i have your name ?
i have a sharp stabbing pain in my stomach .
most japanese eat octopus and squid .
i see . 
i 'll be happy to take you to the record shop .
show me the wine list , please .
did you see that ?
it 's a present . 
i 'd like coins of all sizes , please .
good afternoon , mrs. kent . 
long time no see .
he 's got a gun .
can i have two second class tickets to chicago , please ?
the pleasure was mine .
can you make a reservation for me ?
i went to new york .
you can sit outside , too .
when does the train leave for manchester ?
i 'd like to change my reservation for flight two- zero- five on october second .
what 's the flight number ?
take a hike .
do i pay for the gas ?
where is the delta 's check- in counter ?
is this a low sodium meal ?
i 'd like half a bottle of red wine .
this item is not permitted .
do we have to wait long ?
i think we can . 
here 's your slip .
what do you take off last , before getting into bed ?
when does the bank open ?
yes . 
i 'd like the breakfast on your menu , please .
do i have time to eat ?
can you keep my bag ?
no , i 'm going to get it during my stay .
is it colorfast ?
is this a specialty of this district ?
i 'd like some biscuits .
your boarding gate has been changed to gate seven .
one for new york , please .
are you sure you really can n't go tomorrow ?
twelve hundred dollars in traveler 's checks , three hundred dollars and fifty thousand yen in cash .
and mine are the best in chicago .
for about a few days .
the second to the left .
they are too small .
who is in charge of this section ?
i put all my things into that suitcase . 
okay . 
how difficult are the tours ?
do you have ladies ' sunglasses ?
i would like a seat near the window , please .
i can n't see things in the evening .
can i get on with a eurailpass ?
how long does it take to reach japan ?
do you have road maps ?
oh , yes . 
i read about him in the guidebook .
they 're on the basement .
i ordered three cups of tea . 
but we only got two .
electric appliances are very cheap , but food and housing expenses are very high .
to take away .
we 'll be arriving at paddington in a few minutes .
i usually take size twenty- two in japan .
when are the hours of the art museum ?
do you mind if i take some pictures through the window ?
please package carefully so that it will not be damaged . 
i 'd like to change my reservation on jal four zero o two to tokyo on the fifth .
where should i pay ?
this card , okay ?
collect call to miss kayo hirokawa , phone number japan zero one two three four five six seven eight nine .
this is not what i ordered . 
watch your ball carefully .
is this your first trip abroad ?
could you speak louder , please ?
which is the beginners ' course ?
thanks . 
this country sure has many kinds of fruit .
i 'd like to check in this suitcase .
okay , in thirty minutes , we 'll have them ready .
are meals available at the ski lodge of that slope ?
excuse me , i have locked myself out . 
do you go through kawaramachi- dori ?
exchange these u.s. dollars to japanese yen , please .
you are on the green .
it is hard to say good- bye .
is this the reception desk ? is there a clinic nearby ?
excuse me , may i ask you the name of your dish ? that looks delicious .
they pinch .
ten dollars worth of gas , please .
which gate do i go to next ?
will ten dollars be enough by taxi ?
okay . 
come this way , please . 
i thought it was excellent- good acting and a great plot .
wow , thanks a lot .
i 'm not happy with this room . 
it 's the latest style this summer .
take me to the center of town , please .
the bellboy is acting a little too friendly with me . 
i 'll bet he 's after a tip .
do you have any special desserts ?
can i rent a car ?
this tastes strange .
i 'm looking for pants without any cuffs .
while i 'm out , please repair it .
he 's still a high school student . 
do you have some snack ?
please speak slowly .
i 'm coming an hour late .
could you please do a make- over for me ?
i 'm ken .
yes . 
wait , i 'll bring one for you .
waiter .
has it been raining all this week ?
tokyo . 
area code zero three . 
the number is one two three four five six seven . 
mrs. yoko tanaka .
half bottle , please .
do they have live performances ?
see you on wednesday .
i want plain weave in brown .
and ?
i want to stay under thirty dollars .
oh , i 'm sorry . 
i 'll check on it right away .
can i see that briefcase ?
do you have anything else ?
you need rest .
please send it to this address .
what do you call that ?
please fill out this landing card and customs form .
it 's two dollars and fifty cents .
does this car go to seattle ?
do i pay part of the charge now ?
is it real or artificial ?
would you wait for me here ?
where 's the mail box ?
oh , thanks . 
i was just looking for it .
just a moment , please . 
i 'll connect you with the overseas operator .
is the price still negotiable ?
cash or charge ?
i 'm a total stranger to this place .
not really . 
just something not expensive .
can it be machine or hand washed at home ?
i 'd like a box of water colors , please .
i 'm sorry . 
i 'd like to change the date to may nineteenth .
please sign here , and here is your receipt for your records .
i 'd like some stockings .
i 'd like some lamb .
are you looking for something ?
i want to take a bus to penn station . 
can you break this into four quarters please ?
four nights .
which do you want for dinner , beef or chicken ?
i need some socks .
my name is ichiro tanaka . 
i 'll be right there .
we have a flight going to atlanta with a connection out of san francisco .
it 's very low in calories . 
only thirty calories .
i want to reserve room .
where in japan are you from ?
it 's our understanding that you operate various types of shops in europe . 
unfortunately , he 's very busy on that day .
in that case , i 'd recommend this one .
i find it difficult to understand the decision to build the new plant in singapore .
room service .
attention , please .
can you make it cheaper because there are some stains ?
ryoanji temple in kyoto is well- known for its rock garden .
do you have any commemorative stamps ?
this is room three seventeen . 
could you get me to the station in fifteen minutes ?
we need a deposit for the car .
a man bumped into me . 
after that i noticed my wallet was gone .
there are no vacancies in single rooms but we have a double room .
is this ticket valid only for the designated day ?
can i buy tickets for a sightseeing bus here ?
what time does it arrive at milano ?
do you have someone who speaks japanese ?
which channel is the popular music on ?
my baby takes the morning train .
delta airlines .
i 'd like a pot of coffee .
does it have a bath and a toilet ?
time is up .
can i use the room till four p.m. ?
i heard mr. yamada has two children .
which gate should i go ?
i 'd like to hire a sailing boat .
can you find it ?
can you do the dishes later ?
i 'd like a gas cooker .
i can issue it in three days .
can you change american dollars into sterling pound ?
i really like this , but i want to look at other items too .
the blinds do n't work .
certainly , sir . 
i never liked reptiles , either .
i am not formally dressed .
please just bring yourself next time .
three bottles of japanese sake .
i 'm not sure if i 've packed enough clothes for a three- week trip .
two dollars each .
hmm- they do n't have coffee shops like they do in japan .
who is in it ?
it is mine .
we 'll make sure the brochures are mailed to you .
there 's something wrong with the brake lights .
will you help me ?
please show me some leather gloves .
the car broke down . please send someone for it .
could you recommend a picture book for a six- year- old kid ?
could you keep my valuables , please ?
hi , harry . 
thank you for inviting us .
well , we 'd like to try a white wine .
certainly , ma 'am .
for dates , they go to movies .
is this guaranteed not to shrink when washed ?
i had about one hundred dollars in it .
the waist needs taking in by three centimeters .
what about trying on these earrings ?
my mistake .
no , i 'm in a hurry . 
i 'd like some clothespins .
here 's my business card . 
any import cds ?
i 'm back . 
a key for number eight o two , please .
i 'm going to study english conversation .
can i have more soup ?
have you read any good books recently ?
can you recommend a hotel which is not too expensive ?
i 'll stay with a friend in new york .
can i make an appointment for tomorrow ?
if anyone asks for me , tell them i 'll be in the coffee shop .
i 'm sure i had it in the inside pocket of my coat .
do you have somewhere where i can leave my luggage ?
i 've come here on business .
is this one two three four five six seven ?
do you know any good diving school ?
how much is the price with tax ?
give me some tissue .
next door is too noisy .
well , dr. krebs sees nobody without an appointment .
may i have the name and the number of the party you 're calling ?
a gift ?
will the airline pay for me to buy some basic personal necessities ?
it 's the airlines ' fault . 
going to the grand hotel ?
there 's nobody here by that name .
where is the policeman , please ?
may i borrow some gum tape ?
can i return the car to any of your offices ?
i 'd like a room with bath .
excuse me , my suitcase is missing . 
i came on abc flight zero zero seven .
nothing came out of the machine ?
is this guaranteed ?
i only have a dollar bill . 
please keep the change .
what 's your diagnosis ?
it 's at the end of the corridor on the seventh floor . 
take the elevator on your right , please .
do you have a sightseeing brochure for this town ?
no , actually , people call me marty .
we are at jones street station .
i never think of going to classical concerts when i 'm in japan .
there should be a cajun restaurant called captain cook 's around here . 
i heard the food is great . 
oh , here it is .
has there been any work done on the engine ?
one dollar , please .
what would you have for dessert ?
let 's fly lower .
could you explain this dish to me ?
you were supposed to take flight eight two zero , which took off fifteen minutes ago . 
all right . 
i can arrange another flight for you .
here it is . 
your seats are located around here .
at the sheraton .
he 's on a business trip until next friday .
my wife and i are very happy you 're coming to stay with us over the weekend to experience american life in the country .
it 's the next one to the right .
someone unpacked my parcel .
yes , please . my name 's kurosawa . until when can you hold my ticket ?
if there 's anything i can do for you , please let me know .
where can i buy a lift ticket ?
it 's six hundred dollars a month plus one month 's deposit , and another month 's fee for our brokerage .
do you prefer a double- breasted or a single- breasted coat ?
oh , it 's nothing . 
you 're here , anyway .
japan airlines , flight number one two three .
i need to buy shampoo .
i 'd like this style .
could you tell me when we get to the civic center ?
i 'll get back to you with the change .
no i do n't .
what nice pottery . 
do you have a nice jacket for about one hundred dollars ?
where 's the nearest butcher ?
she is thirty , more or less .
all right . 
by the look of it , you seem to have picked up some sort of infection .
can i get a receipt , please ?
there are three of us .
i see . 
how ' bout joining me for a drink ?
what 's my room number ?
should i sign ?
can i have two second floor seats for this evening ?
i locked my key in my room .
does it include the tax ?
excuse me . 
what time does the post office open ?
we 'd like to stay for four nights from august first .
as this bag is made of vinyl , it 's very strong and latest- fashioned design as you may notice .
the food is very good , but i 've had enough . 
thanks .
my wallet was lifted in the subway .
i have to go to the japanese embassy .
what 's the name of that flower ?
could n't you give it to me for a little less ?
is this for chicago ?
i did n't know this was a drug at all .
i 'm leaving one day earlier .
please cash this traveller 's check .
mrs. suzuki in room twelve thirty- four .
i 've had a fever since the day before yesterday . 
my throat hurts badly . 
i can n't keep any food down .
it is a big contrast from the peak- season .
it 's over here , on the wall , and the switch for the air conditioner is here . 
i 'd like a seat in the rear of the plane .
september fifteenth is respect- for- the- aged day .
is there a night cruise ?
where is the tower ?
can i get there in time if i leave here right now ?
there is no soap in my room .
okay . but i hope it will n't take long .
where 's the air france counter ?
can you make out the form for me ?
my order has n't come yet .
i bought this bag a little while ago , but the zipper was broken .
i was impressed by the beautiful view of the city at night .
you follow ?
please come back to the bus by three .
millions of people visit famous shrines for the year 's first worship .
show me your driver 's license , please .
the plane will take off one thirty .
if it 's possible , i 'd like a table by the window .
i must n't drink anything containing salt .
you caught the flu .
i 'd like an aisle seat , please .
please give me an estimate .
that 's fine , thanks .
is there anything i could take for this rash ?
can you change the wording to what you 've just said ?
what time shall we take it up to you ?
where can i get a map of this city ?
i 'm going to attend university of south california for a year .
i have two ten thousand yen notes .
i 'm sorry they are sold out .
are many westerners curious to experience a geisha party ?
what does it contain ?
i 'd like to send this picture postcard to japan .
no , you do not have to make a reservation . 
just drop in .
thank you . 
here 's your room key . 
the porter will take your baggage .
i 'm afraid i 'm suffering from food poisoning .
can i pick this up ?
keep my baggage , please .
i 'd like to rent a middle size car with four doors .
could you fix the lamp ?
where can i buy pottery ?
my shirt is sweaty .
will you transfer this call to the general affairs section ?
how long will it take to order ?
i understand what you mean .
how much yen do you have , sir ?
hello . 
i have a reservation .
pass the salt and pepper , please .
i made a reservation through the tokyo office . 
i 'll be a little late checking in tonight .
let 's do the shopping in a hurry .
i requested a non- smoking seat when i checked in , but this is a smoking seat .
let 's go for a drink .
i suggest you have this kind of fish , a red snapper .
i 'm much honored to be invited here .
would you change this for a second class one , please ?
would you speak a little louder , please ?
i can n't do that , but i 'll throw in a case for you .
is there a set time and place ?
thank you very much . 
i 'd love to , but i 'm afraid i have a previous appointment .
how long is it going to be before it comes out ?
in america college football is all the rage .
i 'll give you a painkiller .
would you tell me when the train gets nearer to oxford ? i 'm afraid i may ride past there .
oh , bill . 
i like you , but that 's all .
you 're overcharging me .
i 'd like to make sure of the time it leaves .
does the one twenty train for dover run everyday ?
i do n't think i can be of much help to you .
where 's the sports info ?
this size here , the one you call regular size , will do .
what floor is the shoes section on ?
include everything ?
cross the street there and go straight until you come to the second intersection . 
k hotel is beyond the intersection .
i want something for a hangover .
low fat ? no way . 
where will the tour end , and when ?
well , i do n't know if i care for that .
children receive new year 's gifts .
please post this envelope at the airport .
i 'd like something for constipation .
we have some very good trout today .
the first one hundred miles are free , then you 'll have to pay ten cent per mile .
the bath is too hot for me to get in .
in spring the cherry trees blossom .
could you ask him to stop smoking , over there ?
this coming friday ?
i 'll call him again .
he 's not one to get into such a place .
i have a decayed tooth .
i 'd prefer a cup of coffee , if you do n't mind .
okay . 
may i have some toast ?
i 'm going to stay with my friend in los angeles .
will you bring me cream for my coffee ?
it 's out of stock .
do i need an express ticket ?
here are my phone number and e- mail address .
where are you from ?
how old is that church ?
could you get me a ticket for the opera ?
do you know this city very well ?
i have n't gotten my salad .
do you have any sightseeing bus tours of the city ?
i 'm sorry . 
i 'm a stranger here myself .
it really is gorgeous . 
if you would like to borrow any of my books , please let me know . 
i really do n't mind lending them to friends .
this is all i have .
what about decorating ? do you repaint the rooms when a tenant moves in ?
i would like to return this .
i wish to do some charity work .
we are sorry , but poached eggs are n't available .
where can i get my baggage for flight jal five o one ?
how much tax refund will i get ?
i can n't find it .
can i have mashed potatoes without gravy ?
it 's one kind of spiral shell from the caribbean sea .
why are you visiting the united states ?
will you change the napkin ?
i can give you a ford mustang seven years old for fifty dollars a week with unlimited mileage .
oh , yes . 
here you are .
i would like to come back here again when i am in the states .
i have a dull pain here .
you 'll be given first aid .
i have completely recovered my health .
please show me this one , the fourth from the right .
it 's best to close your eyes to them .
what 's your special for today ?
nice to meet you again .
is it clear ?
my wallet 's been stolen .
where should i change trains to get to edinburgh ?
this is against the gun and sword law .
the door does n't open with this key .
i 'd like it braised .
no problem .
shall we indulge in luxury at the first- class restaurant ?
how nice . 
you must be looking forward to seeing them .
i would like to put this in a safety deposit box .
which tour is best for seeing museums ?
please call a porter .
could you tell me the time and date and the number of persons ?
where can i change my money ?
i 'm at a loss for words .
can you fix it and send it to japan , please ?
we only do exchanges . 
we do n't do refunds .
right .
i have to report a theft .
you can just give me three dollars .
could i try this on ?
do you take any medicine on a regular basis ?
i still cannot find one of my bags that i checked at narita airport .
i believe i am . 
a haircut , please .
what kind of treatment are you receiving ?
i want to report a strange person at my window .
a light meal , please .
i had about two hundred dollars in cash and a visa card .
i believe it is at seven forty- five a.m. on friday , the sixteenth .
so , have you been driving taxis for a long time ?
now , we are going to take a picture of our whole group .
from seven to nine . 
please come to the restaurant on the second floor .
i 'm going to stay at the holiday inn downtown till may fifth .
two second class tickets for venice , please .
what preparations do they make to succeed in the exam ?
you are almost there .
two for the bar , please .
all the passengers remained seated .
what bus do i take to the washington monument ?
my name is akiko tanaka .
could you issue a new one , please ?
do you have window tables ?
horyuji temple which is the oldest wooden building in the world is worth seeing .
i see . 
well , thank you for taking so much time . 
how about indian food ? have they had it before ?
i 'm glad . 
oh , that 's my flight announcement .
please put your belongings under you seat .
yeah . 
anytime . 
they 're all welcome here .
the seats for two can be turned around . 
so , you can sit face to face if you like .
i need to buy insurance .
when does it sail ?
may we leave our things , except valuables , in the bus ?
what is jr ?
break this into smaller bills , please .
this will be perfect for them .
are there anyone who speaks japanese ?
i wonder what this charge on my bill is for .
would you like to go to a discotheque ?
it was romantic .
please tell me a reasonable restaurant with a good atmosphere .
when 's the golf tournament on ?
after dinner , with the dessert , please .
do i need to prepare exact change ?
please bring me a drier .
could you give me some water , please ? i 'm very thirsty .
where 's the jal counter ?
we 're not too hungry .
i can n't find my bags .
let me see some brown shoes .
where and what time does it leave ?
customs differ from country to country , and japanese customs seem to differ considerably from western ones .
i 'll pay fifty dollars .
please keep this baggage till five in the afternoon , please . may i have a check ?
i want to rent it for five days .
for food only , forty dollars will do . 
a bottle of wine will cost about ten dollars .
it 's a flight to miami .
thank you for your help . i feel like vomiting . do you have any medicine for airsickness ?
i have a bottle of whisky .
i 'll come to see you at ten o 'clock on friday .
sign the back of the check .
sorry , i have the wrong number .
long distance to japan , please .
is my meal ready yet ?
i 'd like to make a reservation for golf .
what coins work in this vending machine ?
i 'd like ginger ale .
i want some dress shirts , please .
i 'd like some baby food .
hold the pickles .
i do n't feel any better .
will you show me some others ?
this dress nylon ?
okay , sure . 
pay this up front when you 're ready . 
yes , it 's two blocks in that direction .
it 's twelve o 'clock .
now i know what was wrong .
what gate do i go to for my connection ?
white beach is beautiful .
reservation , please .
i 'll bring your change later .
i do n't have a reservation , but would you have any seats available ?
i 'd like a type writer ribbon , please .
please open the door with a spare key .
rome was not built in a day .
i 'd like another cup of coffee .
i 'd like a hamburger to go .
would you check it ?
my purse has been stolen .
would you ask him to call back ?
we have a dining car and a coffee shop on the train .
my room has n't been cleaned .
this is ikeda speaking . 
i have a reservation for a table at six thirty this evening . 
but i 'm sorry i 'll arrive half an hour late .
you can take the bus at bus stop five .
if you find it , would you keep it for me , please ?
which is better , a morning flight or afternoon flight ?
is there a roller skating rink near here ?
thank you so much . 
keep the change .
thirty- eight dollars and fifty cents a day , with unlimited mileage . 
gasoline is n't included .
did you put a stamp on the postcard ?
three nights .
jane , your friend susan is here to see you .
is this to edinburgh ?
when would you like to leave ?
do i have to transfer ?
if so , you should take size ten in the states .
in fact , my brothers and sisters are already married , and i 'm the only one that still lives with my parents .
there are no towels .
do you mind someone else getting it for me ?
is this what you 're getting at ?
here 's my key .
could you call the number again ?
mmm , nice . 
oh , you went past it . 
go back , please .
it 's a unique japanese custom , i think .
do you have any cheese ?
wrap these individually , and a ribbon on each , please .
may i have the wine list , please ?
let me see . yes , today 's special lunch would be served quickly .
which country are you from ?
can you break this into quarters ?
it 's seven .
white , please .
how do i turn off the reading light ?
i 'll have two servings of morisoba noodles .
i work at a stock brokerage .
yes , there is a room available . 
you 're not allowed to park here .
is there an exchange shop nearby ?
i 'm takeshi . 
use it weekly . 
smear on a thin film after you have washed your face , avoiding eyes and hairline .
i cut myself with glass here .
i should have asked the trainer , but can you tell me which machine is good to exercise my back ?
stop on this side of the next crossing , please .
are there any japanese- speaking flight attendants ?
i 'd like some lemonade , please .
i am sore .
i 'd like some milk , please .
how many ounces of perfume can i get duty- free ?
the sleeves are too long for me .
can i have my hair cut , permed and set , please ?
you do n't have to change , but this car is for folkestone .
just tourism .
operator .
in that case , the elevator is over there .
that 's fine , please sign them . 
i think we are at the wrong station .
when will it be convenient for you to visit me ?
keep cool .
i understand . 
good evening . 
i have a reservation . 
my name is tanaka .
could you press the stop button for me ?
i 'm ninety- nine feet ninety- nine inches , ninety- nine pounds . 
the people next door are too noisy .
i bought these pants yesterday , but they do n't fit me .
will it shrink ?
could you tell me the time ?
i left my notebook there last night .
do you still have seats for tonight 's performance ?
do you remember the car number ?
how much is this dress ?
i do n't understand german at all .
i 'm calling the manager .
i 'd like to ask you for advice .
oh , i 'm sorry . 
i 'll bring your order as soon as possible .
certainly sir .
this is alcohol free , so you can relax because there is little irritation .
it 's seven or eight minutes on foot depending on how fast you walk .
yes , sir . 
excuse me . 
when will the next flight leave ?
i 'd like a big one .
i slept through the six thirty alarm .
i 'm a freelance photographer .
make sure you deposit it in boston .
would you like to go out with me tonight ?
i 'd like a tie .
i 'll ask another taxi driver .
a beer , steak with french fries , and the chef 's special salad .
congratulations , henry . 
i 'm delighted to hear of your engagement to jane .
go straight and turn to the left over there .
i 'd like something to match this .
the dealers can exchange your dollars for casino tips . 
it must have been a great shock to you .
i 'd like to see some old architecture .
i have one thousand pounds .
we 're planning a farewell party for you .
how long does it take to walk down there ?
how tiring ?
what 's a good medicine for my fatigued eyes ?
this is mr. suzuki . 
we have about thirty kinds of bath oils .
can i pay in japanese yen ?
well , that 's difficult to decide without knowing the content of the movie .
give me some chewing gum , please .
you see , i 'm on a diet .
this is not a coupon , it 's a registration receipt .
i 'll have the proposal for you next week .
your call cannot be completed at this time to the country you are calling . 
please try your call later .
the contract will be renewed annually .
excuse me , waiter . 
i 'd like breakfast , please .
can i pay with a traveler 's check ?
can i take out some insurance ?
can you tell me how to get to that restaurant ?
there was about thirty dollars and some credit cards .
your bill comes to one hundred fifty dollars and forty- five cents .
where is the lost- and- found office ?
please give me one bottle of whisky .
thank you . 
how should i put it ? it 's very important that you be there .
i would like to make a copy .
could tell me how to get there ?
i want to look around the city , but i do n't have much time . 
us dollars , please .
teacher .
thank you . 
where 's the switch for the air conditioner ? it 's little too hot .
excuse me , but what street are we on now ?
could you mail this letter ?
no , you are going in the opposite direction . 
you must go back .
would you trim my beard , please ?
how long will it take to complete the tour ?
i 'm a beginner at diving .
i 'd like some gift wrapping paper .
i 've got a reservation for tonight .
this grape is sweet .
if there are n't any corn flakes , i 'll have puffed wheat .
what is inside ?
there is a mistake in this check , i think .
well , the deluxe room has a mini- kitchen , free breakfast , and a balcony facing the ocean . 
the regular rooms face the street , but you can see the mountains .
enjoy .
may i have a bath towel ?
are there any japanese guidebooks ?
i 've got to go . 
i 'll call you later .
could you make a reservation for me to see a musical ?
i 'd like some disposable nappies .
how can i make a telephone call ?
yes , here you are . 
that 's thirty dollars each .
oh , i wish we did n't have so much to carry .
do you have a record of where you used them ?
it 's on the rack over there , next to the news magazines .
it 's in vogue this summer .
i 'll call again .
three months .
would you show me a hair catalogue or something , please ?
a carton of cigarettes and two bottles of sake .
i see , we have a hotel doctor . 
i 'll arrange for her to come to your room soon . 
where was it filmed ?
we have some very good clam today .
k as in king , i as in item , m as in mike , u as in uncle , r as in roger , a as in able . ki- mu- ra is my last name .
i 'm checking out . 
room six o seven , watanabe .
it 's not only hot but very muggy in summer .
no thanks .
a shampoo and the same style set , please .
may i have some yoghurt ?
i have a toothache . 
i can n't get the air conditioning to work .
where did these butterfly fish originate ?
two dollars and fifty cents .
will you change them into dollars , please ?
i 'd like to know how much weight i should wear .
let me off at the next stop .
will you show me a waterproof coat ?
where 's the tourist office ?
i want a hat .
could you drop by the market on our way ?
what 'll i do if i do n't understand his questions ?
i 'd like some socks .
i 'd like an automatic camera , please .
please take me there .
what time do we boarding ?
should the door be open or closed ?
which way is passport control ?
how many dollars would you like ?
we 're very fortunate . 
they have one in a size four at the ala moana shop .
tell me the way to the hilton hotel , please .
are you available for dinner this coming friday evening ?
do you have a subway route map ?
may i have a brochure for scuba diving tours ?
i played a poor tee shot .
what time is the breakfast ?
is there any limousine ?
do you know if that restaurant requires reservations ?
i 'd like to book a flight for return .
could you recommend a good french restaurant ?
something to drink ?
is there a barber shop in the hotel ?
the stopper for the bathtub is broken .
this is a gift , so please wrap it .
i 'm glad to meet you .
cash or credit card ?
something is wrong with the battery .
i have something to ask of you .
five twenties , seven tens , four fives , and some change , please .
okay , i 'll take it .
i see . 
then i 'll try that . 
thank you for your help .
please make the room a little warmer .
my room has n't been prepared .
could i get a wake- up call at five thirty tomorrow morning ?
i thought it was gone forever . 
well , thanks again . 
bye .
i 'd prefer a quiet room .
is it okay if we just have appetizers ?
i 'd like some nail varnish remover .
please go straight ahead .
could you help me find my baggage ?
do we pay here at the table or to the cashier ?
so i guess the next thing down there , that 's the world trade center , right ?
where 's the shop of the plastic models ?
i can n't tell you .
could you suggest a medicine for stomach aches ?
i was paying too much attention to the road signs .
where is platform number five ?
yes , that sounds like something to be looked into further . would you consider that possibility , mr. keenan , and report your findings to mr. nakayama as soon as you can ?
where can i buy a multiple lift ticket ?
no , thank you .
i think there 's a mistake in this bill . there 's room service charge . but i did n't have any .
i want to fly as soon as possible .
is it a long way to the hilton hotel ?
i 'd like a battery .
do you know a good restaurant where we can eat good meals at reasonable prices ?
will you keep this baggage ?
i 'd like a lipstick .
could you give me the flight number ?
can i use a flash here ?
i have to be there by five .
i think she 'll be back by six o 'clock .
it 's thirty- five dollars .
i 'd like to change my reservation . 
is there a live band or a dj ?
can i rent snorkeling equipment ?
the coke came out , but i did n't get any change back .
i can give you a three percent discount .
the car had this damage before i rented it .
fine . 
i want to wear it for a wedding reception on saturday .
i would like to reserve a room for four nights from december twenty- second .
congratulations . how did you manage to finish it on time ?
no , we 'd like to have separate bills , please . 
let 's go dutch .
i want a japanese- speaking guide .
i 'd like to make a reservation for first class .
can i have the receipt ?
i 'm sorry . i 'm stranger around here . shall i ask the man for you , if you like ? one moment , please .
can i carry this bag with me ?
i have little money with me .
can i catch a bus that goes to the hilton hotel ?
a compact car .
are there any tours to tirol in three or four days ?
i feel better now .
is this bag ideal for all weather ?
i 'd like a donut , please .
i like action movies and suspense thrillers .
i 'm sorry , but we will be thirty minutes late .
could you change this note into coins ?
your room , sir .
i 'd like to rent an automatic for two days .
the toilet does n't stop running .
please stop all transactions on this card .
would i get some kind of a discount when i would stay at your hotel for one month ?
are you here for business or research ?
have you finished with your dinner ?
i missed flight twenty for san francisco .
the quality of this one is better .
can i buy the tickets here ?
certainly , sir . 
which would you like for dinner , beef or chicken ?
a bottle of wine , please .
i bet two pounds .
do you have a tour including a visit to the golden gate bridge ?
do n't leave until you 've finished this .
i can n't make it to my connecting flight .
how much to the airport ?
that 's good . 
can i send this mail at a reduced rate ?
do you want to go get some fresh air ?
very well , ma 'am . 
when is the next bus ?
from where can i get the bus to go to the museum ?
who is the author of the play ?
can i have the bill , please ?
safety box , please .
well , i 'm a little excited and a little nervous .
i 'll stay here just a month .
when does the tour start ?
what time does the matinee start ?
i 'm from russia .
my car broke down on the freeway .
i 'm terribly sorry . 
there must have been some mistake . 
i 'm sorry to hear that . 
do you have a fixed menu ?
do you have anything a little bigger ?
where can i get a bus to the metropolitan museum ?
when does the coffee shop open ?
i really had fun being with you .
where 's the nearest library ?
i 'm booked on flight one o two bound for new york tomorrow .
do you have any rooms available tonight ?
would you cash this one hundred dollar traveler 's check please ?
do you have any cheaper rooms ?
give me the phone number in case of accident , please .
our plane finally arrived at honolulu .
give me medicine for airsickness .
i would like to get my baggage back .
i want to go to a rock concert .
this is fine .
hello , please give me the reservation desk .
you can catch one across the street . take bus number five five five .
i 'd like this style , please .
just a moment . 
here it is .
would you let me know when it 's my stop ?
i was within the speed limit .
i 'd rather not be hospitalized , if possible .
there was a bad accident .
how old is your daughter ?
it 's flight number seven o three to tokyo on september fourth , friday .
where shall i put my belongings ?
i 'm diabetic .
with that kind of price , i think i 'll look at some other stores .
please switch off all electronic devices .
what are the ingredients ?
how much would you like to cash ?
it 's not necessary after the pain stops .
why do you get up so early every morning ?
i 'm looking for paste .
how many spectators does this stadium hold ?
yes , that 's right .
my binding 's loose .
we want to play tennis today .
could you come with me , please ?
sorry , i do n't know this part of town .
i 'll call him again around four in the afternoon .
on the morning of january eleventh , the accident occurred .
what 's this street ?
would next tuesday suit you ?
how about tomorrow ?
sorry i 'm late .
what type of a restaurant are you looking for ? do you only want to have dinner , or are you looking for a restaurant with a bar ?
may i see that jacket in the window ?
is there a police station here ?
japanese life expectancy is the longest in the world .
yes , please go ahead . 
i hope you 'll like it .
my son attends nursery school .
two fries , one cola . two dollars please .
a single room please .
there is a safety box in each room but we can keep it , too .
where 's the snowboard slope ?
i want you to see a specialist .
down the hatch .
we look forward to seeing you again .
will you tell me of some cheap and clean hotels ?
i would like to exchange some money .
may i have the review for this book ?
when 's wimbledon ?
may i take one ?
could you recommend a nice french restaurant around here ?
here 's my confirmation card .
that 'll be all right .
so , that 's two thousand five hundred dollars monthly . 
we can assure you that we will pay you three thousand dollars a month . 
we could reserve a comfortable room for you in an old castle near a famous golf club .
i hope you 'll have a happy marriage .
do you have ballantine 's ten years old ?
can i make a reservation here ?
i 'd like to send you a photo later . 
please give me your address .
is this shrink- proof ?
is the botanical garden open today ?
we might be able to , but i 'm afraid it would take a few months .
i recommend this because it 's made from one hundred percent natural ingredients .
i 'd like to hire a car .
may we have a plate , please ?
where is the nearest station ?
take us to the chicago hotel .
please call a taxi .
excuse me . 
i lost my camera this afternoon in the rest room . 
the flight is delayed for ninety- nine hours due to bad weather .
emergency .
i 'd like some fishing tackle .
i 'd like something in the repeated chanel style .
which aisle are the sanitary pads ?
i will n't go sightseeing today .
could you show me your passport and customs form , please ?
i want a nice tie .
may i borrow a swim suit and a towel ?
i 'd like to sign up for the niagara falls tour .
our special today is the shrimp scampi with rice pilaf .
hello ? is this mr. clark 's ?
would you like to have an aperitif ?
please give me a telegram form .
do you have any medications ?
i think you 've got the wrong number .
it 's twenty- five after five .
i 'd like a red dress .
i 'd like a quarter ounce of chanel no. 19 perfume .
i want to rent a car for a week .
how many minutes does it take to get to the station by taxi ?
let 's talk it over .
i guess so .
a ten percent tax will be charged .
my name tag is on it .
does the train stop in brighton ?
good day .
susie won the first prize in a speech contest .
i reserved through a travel agency .
please make a reservation for a city tour b tomorrow afternoon .
this is our latest addition to the packing line . 
we pack about six hundred cases each day .
i want to go .
